README.md, before:

# voyage-tasks

Your project's `readme` is as important to success as your code. For 
this reason you should put as much care into its creation and maintenance
as you would any other component of the application.

If you are unsure of what should go into the `readme` let this article,
written by an experienced Chingu, be your starting point - 
[Keys to a well written README](https://tinyurl.com/yk3wubft).

And before we go there's "one more thing"! Once you decide what to include
in your `readme` feel free to replace the text we've provided here.

> Own it & Make it your Own!

## Team Documents

You may find these helpful as you work together to organize your project.

- [Team Project Ideas](./docs/team_project_ideas.md)
- [Team Decision Log](./docs/team_decision_log.md)

Meeting Agenda templates (located in the `/docs` directory in this repo):

- Meeting - Voyage Kickoff --> ./docs/meeting-voyage_kickoff.docx
- Meeting - App Vision & Feature Planning --> ./docs/meeting-vision_and_feature_planning.docx
- Meeting - Sprint Retrospective, Review, and Planning --> ./docs/meeting-sprint_retrospective_review_and_planning.docx
- Meeting - Sprint Open Topic Session --> ./docs/meeting-sprint_open_topic_session.docx

## Our Team

Everyone on your team should add their name along with a link to their GitHub
& optionally their LinkedIn profiles below. Do this in Sprint #1 to validate
your repo access and to practice PR'ing with your team *before* you start
coding!

- Anita Boakye-Yiadom: [GitHub](https://github.com/AnitaBoakye) / [LinkedIn](https://linkedin.com/in/anitaboakyeyiadom/)
- Dusan Djergovic: [GitHub](https://github.com/dusandjergovic) / [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/du%C5%A1an-%C4%91ergovi%C4%87-aaa2a4259/)
- Teammate name #3: [GitHub](https://github.com/ghaccountname) / [LinkedIn](https://linkedin.com/in/liaccountname)
- Teammate name #4: [GitHub](https://github.com/ghaccountname) / [LinkedIn](https://linkedin.com/in/liaccountname)
- Teammate name #5: [GitHub](https://github.com/ghaccountname) / [LinkedIn](https://linkedin.com/in/liaccountname)
- Teammate name #6: [GitHub](https://github.com/ghaccountname) / [LinkedIn](https://linkedin.com/in/liaccountname)
- Teammate name #7: [GitHub](https://github.com/ghaccountname) / [LinkedIn](https://linkedin.com/in/liaccountname)

Commit message:

Development (#20)
* Update README.md (#16)

Added my name and my GitHub and LinkedIn link

* Fix/readme (#18)

* Update README.md

* Update README.md

* Update README.md

---------

Co-authored-by: flora8heart <9201125+flora8heart@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: Ikeze <140504206+Ikeze@users.noreply.github.com>

* Fix/readme (#19)

* Update README.md

* Update README.md

* Update README.md

* Update README.md

---------

Co-authored-by: LiatPoschCohen <162996521+LiatPoschCohen@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: Ikeze <140504206+Ikeze@users.noreply.github.com>

---------

Co-authored-by: LiatPoschCohen <162996521+LiatPoschCohen@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: flora8heart <9201125+flora8heart@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: Ikeze <140504206+Ikeze@users.noreply.github.com>

README.md, after:

# voyage-tasks

Your project's `readme` is as important to success as your code. For 
this reason you should put as much care into its creation and maintenance
as you would any other component of the application.

If you are unsure of what should go into the `readme` let this article,
written by an experienced Chingu, be your starting point - 
[Keys to a well written README](https://tinyurl.com/yk3wubft).

And before we go there's "one more thing"! Once you decide what to include
in your `readme` feel free to replace the text we've provided here.

> Own it & Make it your Own!

## Team Documents

You may find these helpful as you work together to organize your project.

- [Team Project Ideas](./docs/team_project_ideas.md)
- [Team Decision Log](./docs/team_decision_log.md)

Meeting Agenda templates (located in the `/docs` directory in this repo):

- Meeting - Voyage Kickoff --> ./docs/meeting-voyage_kickoff.docx
- Meeting - App Vision & Feature Planning --> ./docs/meeting-vision_and_feature_planning.docx
- Meeting - Sprint Retrospective, Review, and Planning --> ./docs/meeting-sprint_retrospective_review_and_planning.docx
- Meeting - Sprint Open Topic Session --> ./docs/meeting-sprint_open_topic_session.docx

## Our Team

Everyone on your team should add their name along with a link to their GitHub
& optionally their LinkedIn profiles below. Do this in Sprint #1 to validate
your repo access and to practice PR'ing with your team *before* you start
coding!

- Anita Boakye-Yiadom: [GitHub](https://github.com/AnitaBoakye) / [LinkedIn](https://linkedin.com/in/anitaboakyeyiadom/)
- Dusan Djergovic: [GitHub](https://github.com/dusandjergovic) / [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/du%C5%A1an-%C4%91ergovi%C4%87-aaa2a4259/)
- Diego Raffa: [GitHub](https://github.com/Diegoireland1975) / [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/diego-raffa/)
- Liat Cohen: [GitHub](https://github.com/LiatPoschCohen) / [LinkedIn](https://linkedin.com/in/liatposchcohen) 
- Ikechukwu Ezeji: [GitHub](https://github.com/Ikeze)) / [LinkedIn](https://linkedin.com/in/ikechukwuezeji/)
- Michelle Lim: [GitHub](https://github.com/flora8heart) / [LinkedIn](https://linkedin.com/in/michelleknlim)
